Add minimal developer docs (#34)
psychoinformatics-de/inm-icf-utilities: docs/source/developer.rst

requires additional setup steps that likely make it infeasible unless your system
are the ICF servers.

The requirements are local DICOM data (not distributed alongside this software)
that matches the layout, naming scheme, and permission set that the ICF uses.
In addition, it requires the icf-utils Singularity image (see :ref:`singularity`),
which needs to be installed as ``icf-utils`` in ``/usr/bin``.
Code that achieves this setup can be found in `.appveyor.yml <https://github.com/psychoinformatics-de/inm-icf-utilities/blob/main/.appveyor.yml>`_.

If this is in place, set the environment variable ``INM_ICF_TEST_STUDIES``
to point to the directory with DICOM data, and execute integrations tests with::

   pytest -s -v .

.. _singularity:

Bundled utilities
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The INM-ICF utilities are distributed as a bundle in the form of a
Singularity software container. This container is updated regularly
and can be downloaded from `ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/mih/inm-icf-utilities/artifacts/icf.sif <https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/mih/inm-icf-utilities/artifacts/icf.sif>`_.
When testing changes to the INM-ICF-utilities, the Singularity image needs to be

> rebuild with the changes included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rebuilt with the changes included.
```

Its recipe can be found under ``singularity/icf.def``.

> The image can be rebuild automatically using the Appveyor-based CI testsuite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image can be rebuilt automatically using the Appveyor-based CI test suite.
```
